you
hey guys I'm pixel Dan and this is a
review of the Star Wars vintage
collection wedge antilles wedge antilles
comes on the awesome vintage style
packaging that looks like it comes right
out of the old Kenner days the back of
the packaging's got an image of wedge
antilles from Return of the Jedi and
shows some of the other figures
available in the vintage collection
all right so let's take a look at wedge
out of the packaging first up let's go
ahead and take a look at the head sculpt
on this guy which is a pretty great
likeness to the actor that portrayed
wedge antilles in the films he's also
sporting that awesome 70 style parted
haircut it's a great head sculpt all the
way around now the figure is wearing
that traditional x-wing pilot uniform so
it's the nice bright orange and he's got
the black gloves on and you can see he's
got the little harness that kind of goes
down and wraps around his legs there
it's a great looking sculpt and I really
love how over the years Hasbro has upped
the ante on these x-wing pilots the
detailing and everything on these has
just gotten so good over the years so
before we get into this cool accessories
why don't we go and take a look at the
articulation on this guy one of the
great things about this vintage
collection is they're making these great
sculpted figures but also feature some
really good articulation so his head is
able to turn both left and right and
move slightly up and down you got
ball-like joints at the shoulders
allowing for a great range of motion
their swivels above the elbow as well as
a single elbow Bend and a wrist swivel
at the glove cuts you have waist
articulation there that kind of rocks
around and you can see that the cables
hanging down do not hinder that movement
whatsoever same with the harness that
hangs on his legs you can still move the
legs forwards and backwards fine for a
sitting pose inside of a cockpit and the
harness does not get in the way
swivels above the knees regular knee
joints and then swivels at the ankles as
well as an ankle joints so there is a
lot of great motion in this figure and
none of the pieces that are actually
worked into the costume such as the
harness or the cables really hinder the
movement at all
so for his accessories wedge includes a
blaster his hands are both sculpted with
little trigger fingers on him so you can
fit the blaster in either one of his
hands and he grips onto them very well
then aside from the blaster we have the
essential piece to complete the uniform
which is the helmet now the helmet looks
really great it fits over his head very
well and it's got a little chin strap
that comes down underneath his face
there and he's even got the nice
translucent orange visor over his eyes
and the painted detail on the helmet is
also very nice with all the little
intricacies and details painted all the
way around the sides and across the top
so this is obviously essential if you're
gonna have your wedge inside of an
actual x-wing to pilot
so there you go guys there's a look at
wedge antilles from the vintage
collection of course this is one of the
more important secondary characters from
the Star Wars universe and I would say
that this figure is probably the
definitive version of him so if you're
looking to pick up a wedge antilles to
add to your collection why not head on
over to www.hsn much more until next
time
you